Joshua visit one:
P:  “Well look who it is walking up to my window”. 
J: “You know me, any chance I can get to bug you makes my day 10 bajillion times better…and before you say it, yes, I consider bajillion a valid unit of measurement in the good ole’ U S of A.”
P: “I wasn’t gonna say nothin my old friend…Though it does sound a little silly. I wanna know, what lies within the old think tank today Joshua.”
J: “Well you see, ever since you invited me over last year, I’ve been reminding myself about a certain something… You’re legendary apple pie. You know, the one with the German apples. The, oh what do you call them? Gravystain? I know that’s not right.  ”
P: “Gravenstein, and it’s actually a Dutch name”
J: “is that right? Huh, who would’ve thought? In any case, I was wondering if you’d make me one. Me and the family are going for a picnic soon and I’d love to surprise them. Don’t worry, I’m willing to pay.”
P: “I guess? I’d never really thought about selling them before. However, I’m more than willing to sell one or two to a friend. In fact, I was planning on making one today anyway since the apples are finally ripe.”
J: “You mind if I stay, chat, and watch you work? I’ve got an open day and I figured I’d keep you company.”
P: “Fine by me. Can’t promise that it’s all too exciting to watch though”. 

After 3 steps:
J: “So, I know I shouldn’t pry, but pray tell what makes you’re pies so good?”
P: “Truth be told, my mama would always claim that the most important ingredient was the apple itself. Believe me, I’ve tried more common apples and it just ain’t the same”. 
P: “On the topic of families, how’s yours?”
J: “Same old same old. Mary is driving me nuts and the kids are gettin smarter, which means the pranks are gettin more clever.”
P: “you sound like you’re remembering a not so pleasant experience. “
J: “Dog turd in my shoe was just a distraction, and that is all I’m willing to explain or remember. “ 

Inter 2:
J: “Have you ever considered opening up a bakery?”
P: “No, have you?”
J: “Okay when I ask it, it actually makes sense since you can bake. I can’t.” 
P: “Sure you can. Maybe not well, but you caaan.”
J: “I can already see it. Me behind the counter, an apron will a big ole’ heart on it, singin songs ever day…”
P: “Baking may not be manly in your eyes, but you’re still asking me to make you a pie. I think you’re just jealous. “
J: “Nah, I’m just pullin your leg. For pete’s sake my hobby is knitting. Who am I to judge. 

Inter 3: 
P: So, how'd you know I'd be able to make my pie around this time? You countin' days or something?
J: Well, you only made the one last year, and it was for that local festival we were both at. 
P: And you liked it to the point that you kept track of the date?
J: In essence. It was delicious! I ain't about to go my whole life without tasting that pie again. I'd be immoral!
P: I just thought it strange that you knew the only time of the year when I can actucally make my pie.
J: Wait, you can only make it around this time?
P: Yup, only a few weeks of the year. It's the only time when the gravenstein tree in the back. 
J: Good thing I kept track then! That also explains why I don't see that perfection of a baked good all year round. 
P: I would make it all year round if I could. These apples are my favorite. 
J: Hey, a few weeks out of the year is better than never. 
P: You have a point. 