Maria intro:
M: Hello again. If I could, I have a favor to ask you.
P: Hello Maria. It's been a while. By all means, ask away. 
M: Well, I've heard from around that you've decided to start making your father's signature pies again. 
P: I've been making them for about two years now. Joshua asked me to make one for him the other day. Beyond that, I've mostly been making them for myself. 
M: I was actually wondering myself if I could have one. Your father's pies were wonderful. I've missed them so, but not as much as I miss the man. 
P: You were a good friend with both of my parents. Honestly, I'd be honored to make you one of the pies. I need to know if they're just as good as my father's. 

1:
M: You know, I watched your father go through the exact same motions for so many years. I must say, you are the spitting image of him. 
P: Thank you. I've stayed true to his original recipe as best as I can. He would be so happy if he could see me now. He used to go on and on about keeping this recipe alive.
M: For heaven's sake child! It's not JUST his recipe. It's also yours now. Sure he would be happy if you kept the recipe around, but he would be so proud if you took that recipe and made it your own. 
P: I never thought about it like that before. Then again, I'd never thought of myself as a baker before either, but I guess I'm one now. 

2:
P: Say, Maria? 
M: Yes my dear?
P: I was wondering, since you've known my family longer than I have, would you happen to know where this recipe came from?
M: I do indeed. Your ancestors brought it over from Denmark when they moved to the states. Their biggest issue, if I remember correctly was getting the correct kind of apple in the states. 
P: I can see that. The pie isn't the same without Gravensteins. 
M: Indeed. I'm just thankful that your father kept a few Gravenstein trees on your farm. Nobody really sells them anymore. 
P: Well, other apples are tougher, and last longer after being picked. 
M: True, but nothing tastes as good as a Gravenstein in an apple pie. 
P: That's why my father kept that old tree around all these years. There wasn't a single replacement that we could find. 

3:ing up? Last I heard you were having a bit of health problems.
M: Oh, that wasn't e
P: How are you holdnough to stop me. Though I may be in my seventies, I'm far from kicking the bucket just yet.
P: That's good to hear. I was worried about you though. 
M: Like I said! I'm a tough old bird. It'll take more than a small injury to put me down. 
P: It did put you in the hospital...
M: So what?! I'm old! Just about any real injury will put me in the hospital. These old bones have enough fight in them for at least another twenty years. 
P: I believe it. 
M: You better, cause I'm not going anywhere yet. 