Michael Intro:
M: Grettins friend. I'm going to need some apple sauce if you don't mind. 
P: Oh, hey there Michael. Havn't seen you in a while. How many are we talking. 
M: Around three if you please. 
P: Sure thing. Coming right up. I see you're still not all that talkative. 
M: Not that I'm all talkative, but it's mostly becasue I'm just always grumpy. 
P: That's a fair point. 

1: 
M: You know, I was wondering when you were going to pull out that old recipe book. 
P: What'd you mean? 
M: You were avoiding it for a while if I remember correctly. Particularly after your father died. What changed?
P: It would have been a diservice to him to not use his old recipes. I loved them growing up, and I don't want them to disappear. 
M: That wasn't how you started out though. It reminded you too much. It's good to see you taking up the mantle though. 
P: Thanks, that means a lot. 
M: Wasn't supposed to. It was just an observation. 
P: It did though, and I thank you for that. 
M: You're welcome? I guess. 

2:
M: Wait, I don't remember your father ever adding cinnamon to his applesauce. 
P: Well, he didn't. I've found that it really adds to the flavor. We also never had access to the cinnamon. 
M: Huh, neat. What other changes have you made? 
P: None to the apple pie recipe jut becasue that's already complex enough, but I did make a few changes to my dad's cider recipe.
M: Wait, you have a cider recipe?
P: Yeah. We just dont make it often. 
M: Pehaps another time then. I havn't had good cider in years. 

3:
P: So, do tell Michael. How are your crops doing this year. 
M: Fine. Only issue so far is that my dog has been finding a few rodents try make nests in the fields. 
P: That old hound is still workin? He's pretty old ain't he?
M: He is, but not old enough to to stop working. Nose is still sharp, so he never needs to chase them down. He can just find them. 
P: I should get me a hound. Mostly for company though. This house was not made for a single person. 
M: Maybe find another person first. Then get a dog. 
P: I would, but a dog is easier to get. 
M: Maybe for you. 
P: Hey now, I just like dogs alright?
M: Alright, I ain't argueing with you. I would still like to get my applesauce after all. 